feat(docs): add newline formatting for notes tip (#40712)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-work-on-coding-challenges.md

```
````

> - Additional information in the form of a note should be separated by a newline, and formatted: `**Note:** Rest of note text...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additional information in the form of a note should be surrounded by blank lines, and formatted: `**Note:** Rest of note text...`
```
Hey Shaun, did you mean a note should be like this:

```
optional stuff before followed by an empty line

**Note:** Rest of note text...

optional stuff after preceded by an empty line
```

If so, what do you think to this wording?

Author: That is clearer 👍
